# Interaction_web_db
Repository of ecological networks with different type of interactions.
# Data
Folders containing the network matrices data and the spreadsheet with the metadata. 
There is an individual incidence matrix for each network in both formats, txt and xls. Each matrix cell represents a pairwise interaction involving species from a given row and a given column. When available, this shows the interaction frequency as reported in the publication.
# Resources  
The database currently contains datasets on species interactions from several communities in different parts of the world. Data currently available are for a variety of interaction types, includying plant-pollinator, plant-frugivore, plant-herbivore, plant-ant mutualist and predator-prey interactions. Our goal is to expand the database to make it a repository of data on any kind of interactions.  
These data come from studies in which all species in a particular location, or a substantial subset, were studied and interactions recorded. Of course, the data are very heterogeneous in terms of quality, sampling effort, and sampling methodology, but are still extremely useful for some kinds of studies.  
Below is a list of the datasets that we have been able to compile so far. Hopefully, as more studies are published and as more members contribute their own datasets, the database will grow. If you select the link of one of the datasets, you will find a more detailed description of the particular study, and a link to the actual data.  
When downloading a dataset, you will be able to choose among text and Excel formats. Most webs are "bipartite webs", which consist of two groups that are assumed to interact with species in the other group but not with species in their own group (e.g., plants and insect herbivores). For each dataset, you will be presented with an "interaction matrix", in which columns represent one group (e.g., plants) and rows represent the other group (e.g., pollinators); you will be able to choose between text and MS Excel formats. The exception to this format are predator-prey (food) webs, which are "one-mode" webs, represented by a symmetric interaction matrix with all species listed in both columns and rows. If you have any problems downloading the data, please let us know.
